hey how's it going guys some news from
dice on white battlefield 4 is still
buggy uh you know they released a couple
statements explaining to people why the
game is running really buggy on the pc
platform on xbox one and playstation 4
the game is fairly stable I've actually
been playing it a little bit on the ps4
and it works fairly well but on the pc i
did get it working unfortunately but
it's still very very buggy i'm getting
kicked out of many games but at least i
can get into a game sometimes and play
it but here's quote for quote what they
said when a code that's not thread-safe
execute on multiple sources it's a
coincidence if it works or if it crashes
all the codes become a timing dependent
and i have different hardware combined
with different background processes and
OSS have different timing unfortunately
if you have a certain cpu and you run a
certain OS at the same time that you run
a certain background progress you can
get bagged a bad timing more often than
other people timing will cause the game
to crash or other bugs now that's a lot
of mumbo jumbo some of you guys might
have not even understand what that meant
basically what it means is if you have
like a certain hardware configuration
certain alessa's and if you're running
certain applications who knows what
these applications are it just might
make battlefield 4 crash say you're
running itunes and you're listening to a
podcast while playing some multiplayer
of battlefield 4 hey itunes may not work
good with the OS combined with
battlefield 4 combined with your cpu so
it makes the game crash now i don't
think this is a you know fairly
justifiable reason for the game crashing
because they should have a workaround
for that I mean battlefield 3 didn't
crash or battlefield 3 doesn't crash any
more how'd you fix that game I don't
know how battlefield 3 was that launched
because I wasn't really playing that
game at all that launch I wasn't really
that big of a hardcore gamer at that
time so I don't really remember but uh
you know I don't really think of this as
an excuse but he is correct in some
terms I mean there are a lot of little
nooks and crannies that you have to look
through you know this combined with this
combined with this again I don't think
it's an excuse but hey I think this is
fairly a fairly self-explanatory but I
think he definitely needs to fix this
it's definitely getting better hey I got
the game morning so you know anything is
possible if I can get the game running
because that game would just not even
work for me so let me know what you guys
think in the comments down below do you
guys like battlefield 4 you guys calling
it a lot I i I've been starting to play
it actually had a day of live streaming
it yesterday and it was a lot of fun on
the live stream was kind of buggy since
battlefield 4 is a fairly but yeah but
you know it's whatever right so thanks
for watching today guys with that
subscribe and like this video in the
comments and I will catch you guys later
peace